Document Kafka pub/sub OIDC authentication (#2063)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-pubsub/setup-apache-kafka.md

| disableTls | N | Disable TLS for transport security. This is not recommended for use in production. Defaults to `"false"` | `"true"`, `"false"` |
| oidcTokenEndpoint | N | Full URL to an OAuth2 identity provider access token endpoint. Required when `authType` is set to `oidc` | "https://identity.example.com/v1/token" |
| oidcClientID | N | The OAuth2 client ID that has been provisioned in the identity provider. Required when `authType is set to `oidc` | `dapr-kafka` |
| oidcClientSecret | N | The OAuth2 client secret that has been provisioned in the identity provider: Required when `authType` is set to `oidc` | `"KeFg23!"` |
| oidcScopes | N | Comma-delimited list of OAuth2/OIDC scopes to request with the access token. Recommended when `authType` is set to `oidc`. Defaults to `"openid"` | '"openid,kafka-prod"` |

The `secretKeyRef` above is referencing  a [kubernetes secrets store]({{< ref kubernetes-secret-store.md >}}) to access the tls information. Visit [here]({{< ref setup-secret-store.md >}}) to learn more about how to configure a secret store component.

### Authentication

> Kafka supports a variety of authentication schemes and Dapr supports several: SASL password, mTLS, OIDC/OAuth2. With the added authentication methods, the `authRequired` field has been deprecated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kafka supports a variety of authentication schemes and Dapr supports several: SASL password, mTLS, OIDC/OAuth2. With the added authentication methods, the `authRequired` field has been deprecated from the v1.6 release
```

    value: "group1"
  - name: clientID # Optional. Used as client tracing ID by Kafka brokers.
    value: "my-dapr-app-id"
  - name: authType # Required.
    value: "none"
  - name: maxMessageBytes # Optional.
    value: 1024
  - name: consumeRetryInterval # Optional.
    value: 200ms
  - name: version # Optional.
    value: 0.10.2.0
  - name: disableTls 
    value: "true"
```

#### SASL Password

> Setting `authType` to `password` will enable [SASL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simple_Authentication_and_Security_Layer) authentication using the **PLAIN** mechanism. This requires setting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting `authType` to `password` enables [SASL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simple_Authentication_and_Security_Layer) authentication using the **PLAIN** mechanism. This requires setting
```

Author: Done

the `saslUsername` and `saslPassword` fields. 

```yaml
apiVersion: dapr.io/v1alpha1
kind: Component
metadata:
  name: kafka-pubsub-sasl
  namespace: default
spec:
  type: pubsub.kafka
  version: v1
  metadata:
  - name: brokers # Required. Kafka broker connection setting
    value: "dapr-kafka.myapp.svc.cluster.local:9092"
  - name: consumerGroup # Optional. Used for input bindings.
    value: "group1"
  - name: clientID # Optional. Used as client tracing ID by Kafka brokers.
    value: "my-dapr-app-id"
  - name: authType # Required.
    value: "password"
  - name: saslUsername # Required if authType is `password`.
    value: "adminuser"
  - name: saslPassword # Required if authType is `password`.
    secretKeyRef:
      name: kafka-secrets
      key: saslPasswordSecret
  - name: maxMessageBytes # Optional.
    value: 1024
  - name: consumeRetryInterval # Optional.
    value: 200ms
  - name: version # Optional.
    value: 0.10.2.0
  - name: caCert
    secretKeyRef:
      name: kafka-tls
      key: caCert
```

#### Mutual TLS

> Setting `authType` to `mtls` will use a x509 client certificate (the `clientCert` field) and key (the `clientKey` field) to authenticate. Note that mTLS as an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting `authType` to `mtls` uses a x509 client certificate (the `clientCert` field) and key (the `clientKey` field) to authenticate. Note that mTLS as an
```

Author: Done

authentication mechanism is distinct from using TLS to secure the transport layer via encryption. mTLS requires TLS transport (meaning `disableTls` must be `false`), but securing

> the transport layer does not require using mTLS. See _Communication using TLS_ for configuring underlying TLS transport.

Reviewer: Is this "See _Communication using TLS_" supposed to be a link?

Author: Yes, I couldn't remember how to do internal links in MD.. Updated now.

```yaml
apiVersion: dapr.io/v1alpha1
kind: Component
metadata:
  name: kafka-pubsub-mtls
  namespace: default
spec:
  type: pubsub.kafka
  version: v1
  metadata:
  - name: brokers # Required. Kafka broker connection setting
    value: "dapr-kafka.myapp.svc.cluster.local:9092"
  - name: consumerGroup # Optional. Used for input bindings.
    value: "group1"
  - name: clientID # Optional. Used as client tracing ID by Kafka brokers.
    value: "my-dapr-app-id"
  - name: authType # Required.
    value: "mtls"
  - name: caCert
    secretKeyRef:
      name: kafka-tls
      key: caCert
  - name: clientCert
    secretKeyRef:
      name: kafka-tls
      key: clientCert
  - name: clientKey
    secretKeyRef:
      name: kafka-tls
      key: clientKey
  - name: maxMessageBytes # Optional.
    value: 1024
  - name: consumeRetryInterval # Optional.
    value: 200ms
  - name: version # Optional.
    value: 0.10.2.0
```

#### OAuth2 or OpenID Connect

> Setting `authType` to `oidc` will enable SASL authentication via the **OAUTHBEARER** mechanism. This supports specifying a bearer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting `authType` to `oidc` enables SASL authentication via the **OAUTHBEARER** mechanism. This supports specifying a bearer
```

Author: Done

token from an external OAuth2 or [OIDC](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenID) identity provider. Currenly only the **client_credentials** grant is supported. Configure `oidcTokenEndpoint` to
the full URL for the identity provider access token endpoint. Set `oidcClientID` and `oidcClientSecret` to the client credentials provisioned in the identity provider. If `caCert`

> is specified in the component configuration, the certificate will be appended to the system CA trust for verifying the identity provider certificate. Similarly, if `skipVerify`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is specified in the component configuration, the certificate is appended to the system CA trust for verifying the identity provider certificate. Similarly, if `skipVerify`
```

Author: Done
